Hello, everybody.
And I'm Lia.
Spokesperson of the legend of blood
Equipment doesn't cost a penny.
If it's a brother, come and cut me
A recent game called Legend of Blood
It spread across the country.
Become a phenomenon in the online gaming market
And the spokesperson of the game, Leah, is also popular on the whole network
Successfully enter the entertainment industry
Would you like to sign my name?
Yeah.
I Li Ya Li Ya Li Ya came to sign one for me
Li Ya Li Ya sign one for me oops
Although prepared
But the second sister's popularity
I didn't expect it.
Second sister
I'm going to start a film and television company while you're on fire now
Take you into the film and television area to make movies